vacc1 Vaccine  TheBlaze [prn-thebla] • The Stories □ Business □ Faith □ Tech • TheBlaze TV □ GB Radio □ Pat & Stu □ Treehouse □ Glenn Beck □ Real News □ Wilkow! □ BS of A □ Ind. USA □ Docs • Radio □ Schedule • Magazine • The Blog • Contributors • Books • Marketplace Sign In Sign Up • User Profile • Log Out • Hot Topics: • Rand Paul • Drones • Gun Control • Sequestration [Search TheBlaze ] Search TheBlaze.com • • • Take Action Live on TheBlaze Radio: Rand Paul Conducts First Interview Since 13-Hr Filibuster at 10:35 am ET As Heard on Beck Radio: How Did the MSM Cover Rand Paul’s Historic Filibuster? Government GOP Congressman Makes CDC Director Squirm After Confronting Him on Children’s Vaccine Cuts: ‘Let Me Get This Straight…’ Mar. 7, 2013 9:39am Erica Ritz Representative Andy Harris (R-MD) is winning praise for tackling the director of the CDC over claims that sequestration will result in a drastic cut to children’s vaccinations in the state, RightScoop calling it a ”fantastic obliteration” and a “must watch.” A medical doctor himself, Harris spoke with no hesitation when he began by asking whether the CDC had worked with the White House in crafting a memo blaming Republicans for the cut: “Dr. Frieden, I have a great deal of concern about a document that my office got from the White House that talked about the cuts that were going to occur due to Republicans, affecting children… It says in Maryland about 2,050 fewer children will receive vaccines due to reduced funding for vaccinations of about $140,000. Did the CDC assist the White House in preparing that estimate?” “I’d have to get back to you on that,” Frieden responded. Thoroughly unimpressed, Harris asks: “You as the director don’t know if you assisted the White House in preparing an estimate that was distributed to every member of Congress?” Harris changes gears after Frieden says he would have to double check the numbers, asking specifically which program is being affected. “And what did the president’s budget do to [program] 317, the president’s prospective budget?” Harris inquires.  ”Does [a] $58 million cut sound familiar?” Frieden says yes, before Harris proceeds: “And what [did] the sequester cut? …Does $30 million sound familiar?” Receiving positive acknowledgement, Harris continues: “So actually, the president cut the program twice as much in his budget.  Can I assume that the president’s proposed [cut] would have reduced funding to 4,400 children in Maryland?” [prn-thebla] Astonishingly, the CDC head says that under president Obama’s proposed $58 million cut, they believe they could have run the program more efficiently and avoided the cuts. “Let me get it straight…Is it your testimony that under the president’s proposed cut of $58 million in his budget to the 317 program, you could have avoided cuts to vaccines to children in Maryland?” Harris asks. “We believe that we could have maintained vaccination levels, yes,” the CDC director responds. Harris concludes with a knowing, “very interesting.” The entire exchange is well worth the watch: embed(http://www.youtube.com/v/cKbMhr-cfh8?hl=en_US&version=3) (H/T: RightScoop/RBPundit) – Related: • Sen. Ted Cruz Batters Eric Holder on Domestic Drone Program in Tense Exchange  • ‘I Will Speak Until I Can No Longer Speak’: Sen. Rand Paul Is Doing An Old-School Filibuster Of Obama’s CIA Nominee Right Now • Top 10 Quotes From Rand Paul’s Amazing Filibuster on Civil Liberties, Drone Strikes…So Far • Share this article [prn-thebla] Back to The Blaze » Comments (149) 1 2 3 4 Next » Order By: [Newest to Oldest] [Submit] • nzkiwi Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:20am It is very easy to see, through this and previous stories, that Mr Obama intends to inflict as much personal harm on the American people as he can in order to score political points against the Republican party. It is chilling to observe his callous and vindictive nature… Report this comment nzkiwiLog in to ReplyReply □ bb010864 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:36am Amen brother… Report this comment bb010864 □ Cavallo Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:43am The people will be punished for not rising up and demanding their own economic destruction through taxes and deficit spending! He will make them HURT for not helping him intimidate the opposition. How Dare they? HOW DARE THEY!?! Report this comment Cavallo □ ginger100 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:52am @cavallo this is what is in store for people who rise up against the man. http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=FfkZ1yri26s Report this comment ginger100 □ battles Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:53am You are observing and experiencing the mind of a psychopath. Keep your every gun America. You are going to need them. Report this comment battles □ Caniac Steve Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:12am so much for Loving” America & Americans huh ? Report this comment Caniac Steve □ carbonyes Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:30am This people is the POS that we now have serving as President of the United States who does not care a flip about the American people. His intent is to create the greatest harm and inflict great pain of the American people solely for political gain. Words can not begin to describe the nature of this animal that we have “serving” the American people. He is in the process of earning his place in history right beside Chairman Mao, Joseph Stalin and very soon, Adolph Hitler. This is not a stretch. There is a stench around him that I wonder how his cohorts in crime are able to stand. What a tragedy! Ready to move out yet? If you are, better enlist the assistance of the divine intervention of God first, because the forces behind Obama are diabolical, meaning not of this earth and from the dark side. Report this comment [4c532] □ jakartaman Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:34am Obama is not the president of the USA he is the enemy and all his sorry A$$ minions need to be fired. Americans of all persuasions should be outraged and discussed with these petty stunts. Report this comment [3bcba] □ naughtycal Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:59am If he’s not careful he’ll feel how vendictive damage the Patriots in this country can be inflict on him. Report this comment [7a92d] □ The_Pointy_End Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:02pm @nzkiwi “sequestration will result in a drastic cut to children’s vaccinations” This shows the ruling class has no regard for YOUR human life. They don’t care if YOUR child doesn’t get a vaccine – theirs will. Report this comment The_Pointy_End □ AmericaMustBeFree Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:07pm It has always been his intent to make American’s suffer! Millions out of work, millions have lost their homes, millions can barely feed their families, millions struggling to buy gas to get back and forth to work when we could be drilling and Keystone could be employing rhousands. It is the intent of this President to bring America and its people to its knee’s like other dictators have done.. so he can do just that rule over us and flush all parts of the constitution. My question is.. will American’s allow that?? We have evil people running the country.. and what few good men and women we have, well can they save us alone? No, it takes everyone of us! God help them and us! Report this comment [60157] □ naughtycal Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:21pm Everyone one of these a55hat that are palying politics with our system should be trial for treason.Because what they are doing is treasonist act on the American people in the name of their political party. Report this comment [7a92d] □ sndrman Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:48pm carboneys “you’re known by the company you keep” the people around him are him, they share the same vision and hate(America) and loves (communism)…….. Report this comment sndrman □ SamIamTwo Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:57pm Yep totally intentional…first president to try it…previous presidents allowed their agencies the flexibility to make the decisions… Report this comment SamIamTwo □ PlowMan Posted on March 7, 2013 at 1:02pm Right on! Never in my born days have I seen anything like this. No wait, I live in Illinois I have seen this. Tried to tell everyone we didn’t need a person from Illinois running this country. Report this comment PlowMan □ Ruler4You Posted on March 7, 2013 at 2:07pm The CDC sucked the life blood of Americans for decades to get where they are. And now the Hippocratic oath has ZERO meaning. It has been supplanted by ideological dogma and the lust for ‘funding’. We now are subjects of a autocratic government driven by its own lust. Now, historically speaking, where have we seen this before? Report this comment Ruler4You □ armyofnibiru Posted on March 7, 2013 at 2:24pm purposeful maximazation of pain to all US citizens,especialy the children. Report this comment [3f4cc] □ Rowgue Posted on March 7, 2013 at 2:41pm They have actually been saying…we have to make sure the sequester is as bad as we said it was going to be. There is nothing cryptic about that. They are actively engaged in purposefully sabatoging american interests because they think they can blame it on republicans and use it as political leverage. They are comitting treason. Report this comment [65fc8] □ Mathchopper Posted on March 7, 2013 at 3:41pm It’s the “plan” Report this comment [3e931] □ Mathchopper Posted on March 7, 2013 at 3:43pm Chilling? Not to me. I know it’s part of the “plan”. Report this comment [3e931] □ maverickm808 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 4:26pm Remember, Obama wants to make sequestration “as painful as possible” to make republicans look worse… Report this comment [1e5f3] □ canadianlady Posted on March 7, 2013 at 5:46pm This is only going to blow up in Obama’s face. He’s behaving like a child. Report this comment [55e1f] □ peaceangel Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:31pm @GINGER100 THANKS MUCH for the INTERNMENT CAMP blueprints. BUT all of you need to know HALLIBURTON BUILT THEM. AND our ARMY at the direction of the past four POTUS have been hiring internment guards to man them.People are in them already. They are in operation now. Both parties are in on it——WAKE UP I agree with all the POS comments about Obama. He is by far the dirtiest of all the Bilderburg POTUS, but if you think the BUSH’s are NOT in on this you need to leave this site, because you won’t find it here. The Bush boys are responsible for the creation of the NWO and 9/ 11 and Katrina. During Katrina Bush ordered the National Guard NOT to help the NOLA ppl for any reason. He ordered them to stand outside for 7 days and not to respond to the screams coming from the Superdome because of rape and gangrape on old ladies and children as young as 5 and lots of Katrina babies were conceived because of his orders and hundreds of women are traumatized for life. Tons of people were coming off of legal and illegal drugs and going into shock and withdrawals and dying for lack of the drugs they needed. People starved and died from lack of water, while our Nat’l Guard surrounded the building and were ordered to disobey the Constitution and their oath to protect and assist our citizens. And while all this was going on BUSH also ordered the Nat’l Guard to PROHIBIT the RED CROSS from going to the dome three blocks away w/survival stuff. He DISARMED the NOLA ppl. and initiated MARTI Report this comment [3f43e] • juggernaut Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:09am caught lying, is anyone shocked? Report this comment [fcfd1]Log in to ReplyReply □ ginger100 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:48am hmmm, that was interesting but so was the interment/resetment plans at the end of the video. I imagine most of us blaze readers will likely end up in one of these places for reeducation by an 0bot. http://info.publicintelligence.net/USArmy-InternmentResettlement.pdf Report this comment ginger100 • ONE PERCENT Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:09am Wait a minute! This could not be correct, everyone knows the GOP is the only ones who want dirty air, dirty water, sick kids, and so on. Can’t anyone affiliated with this administration give a straight answer? I have not seen one yet, Hannity still has not gotten an answer for “What is my fair share of taxes?” from anyone! I also noticed that “less” of an increase over last year puts BO’s administration into cuts? Does that if I PLAN to spend $150 at Ruth’s Chris, but go to Longhorn and spend $50, I am going to die? I know, BO thinks any cut will hurt the economy, and will make sure you feel it! Report this comment [38d31]Log in to ReplyReply • Longgonegator Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:07am I think you hit it on the head JUSTANGRY – I wish Chris Matthews (Hardball) would just once report the truth Report this comment [167bb]Log in to ReplyReply □ topperj Posted on March 7, 2013 at 3:25pm The truth to Matthews is like garlic to a vampire. Ooh, just got a tingle down my leg. Aah. Report this comment [deaee] • Locked Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:06am Always uncomfortable when you’re forced to fall in line, lie on order, and get caught by people with an actual brain in their heads. Nice job on the part of Rep. Harris! Report this comment [f383e]Log in to ReplyReply • davidkolden Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:02am Here’s a great example of TRANSPARENCY policy of our Liar in Chief. This guy is incompetent. His title is below his pay level. Report this comment [a1cd6]Log in to ReplyReply □ JGraham III Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:19am I couldn’t agree more. The best place to do sequester “cuts” (also known as slight of hand..) would be to fire this bozo and not replace him. But of course that would be logical and unfortunately “logic” and “federal government” are complete strangers. God help us! the loons are running the asylum! Report this comment [1fc1c] □ carbonyes Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:38am Much more than incompetent. His intent is to flip this country on its head and destroy it in the process. Obama is a liar, deceiver, a fraud and an imposter, and he is methodically carrying out an agenda that will destroy this country unless he is stopped. Not opinion – fact. Report this comment [4c532] • biohazard23 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:02am Oy vey…. Shocker? Eh, not so much. Report this comment biohazard23Log in to ReplyReply • frogg Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:59am And now you know why the group “Oathkeepers” are listed on the Terrorist list!!!!!!! Report this comment froggLog in to ReplyReply • Wakeup Maggie Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:59am The manipulator in chief would drag his own grandmother behind a bus to make a point. Worst president in US history. Report this comment Wakeup MaggieLog in to ReplyReply • Vickie Dhaene Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:59am I think some our Congressmen are finding their cohones. I am proud. Report this comment [1412c]Log in to ReplyReply • IndyGuy Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:58am Well done….We need more Politicians to call B.S. on Obama and his brown shirts… Report this comment IndyGuyLog in to ReplyReply □ WalkSoft Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:34pm Problem is 80% will never see this. Report this comment WalkSoft □ WalkSoft Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:38pm 25,000 veiws Report this comment WalkSoft • Snowleopard {gallery of cat folks} Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:57am Obama is determined to make Americans hurt and suffer, and now he is ensuring it through the kids of the nation, just to prove he was right and to pass blame on the Republicans for his own choices. Hypocrisy to the core and the leftist MSM will ensure nothing is said other than the administrations own viewpoints. Report this comment Snowleopard {gallery of cat folks}Log in to ReplyReply □ Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:04am Snow: If he want’s us to hurt and suffer, he will simply put him and Moochelle on every single t.v. program everynight of the week. I, for one, would have to tear my eyes out. Report this comment Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra □ LetThereBeLight Posted on March 7, 2013 at 12:15pm Yea, cause if they don’t, that little “kill list” might begin to grow! With using his drones! Report this comment LetThereBeLight • Thehulk Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:56am These are the questions the media should be asking!!!!!!! Report this comment ThehulkLog in to ReplyReply □ txannie Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:33am The media has become groupies instead of journalists. Report this comment txannie □ Mainer forever Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:37am Yes your right…however, they wont because it doesn’t “push” thier adjenda!!! It is easier to be a lap dog. Report this comment Mainer forever • marvlus Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:56am This kind of BS in Washington really ****** me off! Honesty and integrity has been replaced with lies and deceipt under Obama’s watch Report this comment [d4f28]Log in to ReplyReply □ jetthepatriot Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:16am marv, unfortunately they all do it. but obummer and his acolades have taken it to a new level Report this comment jetthepatriot • marine249 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:56am Sounds like the CDC is rolling more b.s. down the hill from the wh and the top b.ser. Report this comment [f760d]Log in to ReplyReply • Stoic one Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:55am I expect we will see this in every sequester hearing. We are only talking two cents on the dollar. Report this comment Stoic oneLog in to ReplyReply • dentantalo Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:54am How many more incidents like this will come out? Guess it really doesn’t matter no other media will cover it. Report this comment [cfc5e]Log in to ReplyReply • justangry Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:53am This is an evil F’ing man. Don’t vaccinate our kids, but give Egypt three times what we had to cut while expanding our wars in Africa. Nothing about this commie prima donna is decent. My dreams of his father is that he stuck around and whipped his ass daily to teach him right from wrong. Report this comment justangryLog in to ReplyReply □ searcher619 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:06am I seriously doubt there would have been any cuts to the vaccination levels. He admitted as much. What Harris did was expose this man’s and his organization’s lie to congress and the people. Politically based lies. Report this comment [fe069] □ momrules Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:18am You’re correct Just. This is a VERY evil man. Report this comment [c7207] □ justangry Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:18am Well my dad whipped my ass with a belt for lying. Perhaps honesty isn’t a trait you adhere to, but I do. Report this comment justangry □ carbonyes Posted on March 7, 2013 at 11:48am JUSTANGRY That belt hurt didn’t it. I remember it well and deserved it every time. Helped build character and stalwartness. Wouldn’t have had it any other way. Don’t fear man and certainly not Obama. Fear God but not in the way most people would understand fear. Hold Him in great reverence, honor and awe, knowing He is whom He says He is and will do what He says what He will do, and He loves me very much, and I learn more about His love each day. Report this comment [4c532] • Unbelievable Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:53am Just more BS from this administration!!! Somehow, some way we have got to get the MSM reporting on this!! I know they are Mr Prez’s lapdogs but sooner or later they have got to start doing their jobs and reporting the TRUTH!!! Report this comment [644cf]Log in to ReplyReply □ teebubba Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:02am The whole thing from el presidente is crapola. Like when he says meat won’t be inspected. Doesn’t he know the meat inspections are paid directly in fees by the vendors or packers or whatever not the taxpayers. Report this comment teebubba • redfish52 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:52am What the heck is going on the WH? Look, when you lie you have to cover all your bases and let anyone that could blow it for you in on your lie. I see a change happening and a good one at that. I see Democrats telling the POTUS…look we believe in you but there is not enough room under the bus for all of us…..so when you tell a whopper you are on your own. The chickens have come home to roost Mr. President and your hen house ain’t big enough. Report this comment redfish52Log in to ReplyReply □ shesellsshells Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:38am I agree that perhaps the tide is slightly turning for Obama. His temper tantrums are beginning to get noticed! Report this comment [9b067] • naughtycal Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:51am Obamass email to all departments basicly said make all cuts where they will do the to effect the citizens . This is just another example of it. And no one who watches the big three networks will ever know about it. Report this comment [7a92d]Log in to ReplyReply • NOTAMUSHROOM Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:50am These people are shameless partisan hacks. They all follow the same playbook recipe of ignorance, obfuscation, delay, and blame. This is so TRANSPARENT isn’t it, Democramps? I’m disgusted and beyond “bipartisan” anything. These pathetic people are only consistent in one thing and that is partisan politics, wherein NOBODY wins. They’ll cut their own noses off to spite their own faces. Case in point: that pig DWS. Report this comment [ae109]Log in to ReplyReply □ Wakeup Maggie Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:02am Dimrats Report this comment Wakeup Maggie □ PlagueoftheProgs Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:12am These folks are incompetent, lying progs. This is the clown that is running the CDC? This bureau-weenie couldn’t find his arse if he were sitting on his hands. He really didn’t answer one question and could only mutter, “I’ll have to get back to you on that….” Report this comment PlagueoftheProgs • RightThinking1 Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:50am The arrogance…, the hubris, of this administration boggles the mind. Meanwhile, the media sit around with Cheshire Cat grins. On a related note, NC official told to make sure that the impact of cuts would be what WH claims, i.e., do not do anything that would alter the impact. Note particularly the sentence: “So it is our opinion that however you manage that reduction, you need to make sure you are not contradicting what we said the impact would be.” http://watchdogwire.com/northcarolina/2013/03/05/ nc-federal-employee-told-to-exaggerate-sequester-impact/ [729c7]Log in to ReplyReply □ Cavallo Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:35am It is only mind boggling if you think in terms of American statesmen, and Western politicians. If you think in terms of Warsaw Pact Marxists, or Third World dictators, all of this makes perfect sense and is SOP. Report this comment Cavallo • FreedomCostsblood Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:47am So less is more…very interesting. Report this comment [b8158]Log in to ReplyReply □ StandingOnMyHead Posted on March 7, 2013 at 10:19am According to his own statement, congress just found another $28 million to cut in spending, thanks CDC for your fuzzy math! Report this comment [efa46] • Zipit Posted on March 7, 2013 at 9:47am NICE JOB! Andy Harris….. Report this comment [f2fa3]Log in to ReplyReply 1 2 3 4 Next » Order By: [Newest to Oldest] [Submit] It appears that you have Javascript Disabled. Please enable Javascript in your browser preferences for a better user experience on TheBlaze. You can not comment without Javascript enabled. Sign In To Post Comments! Sign In Speak Your Mind The Blaze encourages comments that are on topic and abide by our Comment Policy and Terms of Use. Members are solely responsible for their comments. Comments that violate our policies will be removed. [Add your comments ] Characters Remaining: 1500 Cancel Reply Post Your comment may take a few minutes to appear on the site. « Back to The Blaze [prn-thebla] Sign Up For Our Newsletter! [Enter Email Address ] Sign Up Popular Stories • Sens. John McCain (l) and Lindsey Graham (r). (Getty Images).Sens. McCain & Graham Dedicate Morning to Discrediting Paul Filibuster (Graham Even Uses a Shame Chart!) 664 Comments • 2ljhpx2‘Your Right To Trial By Jury Is Precious’: Sen. Rand Paul Stages Nearly 13 Hour Old-School Filibuster Over Drone Strikes 561 Comments • teenChristian Teen’s Anti-Gay ‘Rap’ Goes Viral — And This Is Why It Has Liberal Blogs Buzzing 429 Comments • Republican-Elephant-Rainbow-FlagIs Gay Marriage Becoming a Conservative Position? 279 Comments • AG-Holder-grilled-on-flawed-gun-investigation-T4IMI9D-x-large(UPDATED) Eric Holder’s New Letter to Sen. Rand Paul: Here’s Your Answer 258 Comments Faith • train‘Help!’: 82-Year-Old Woman Falls After Being Dragged Off Miami Train for Singing Gospel Hymns 156 Comments • Egyptian protesters react from a tear gas canister fired by riot police, not pictured, during clashes near a state security building in Port Said, Egypt, Thursday, March 7, 2013. Clashes between protesters and police continued into a fifth day on Thursday in the restive Egyptian city of Port Said.Credit: APThousands of Egyptian Police Refuse Orders, Protest the Muslim Brotherhood Read More • Minister Louis Farrakhan speaks during the Saviours' Day annual convention at the U.I.C. Pavilion in Chicago, Sunday, Feb. 24, 2013.Credit: APWhat Is Farrakhan’s Nation of Islam and What Do Its Members Really Believe? 114 Comments • Righteous Gentiles at Yad Veshem11 Belgian Families Honored as ‘Righteous Among Nations’ for Rescue Work During Holocaust Read More • crossElderly Man Angrily Tears Large Christian Cross Out of the Ground and Hurls It Into a Duck Pond — But Why? 218 Comments Business • gore_gLawsuit: Al Gore Stole Idea To Sell Current To Al-Jazeera Read More • AG-Holder-grilled-on-flawed-gun-investigation-T4IMI9D-x-large(UPDATED) Eric Holder’s New Letter to Sen. Rand Paul: Here’s Your Answer 258 Comments • Sens. John McCain (l) and Lindsey Graham (r). (Getty Images).Sens. McCain & Graham Dedicate Morning to Discrediting Paul Filibuster (Graham Even Uses a Shame Chart!) 664 Comments • 602765_552629514768766_567985946_n‘It’s Really Not That Easy To Talk That Long’: Sen. Rand Paul’s First Interview Since Ending Nearly 13-Hr. Filibuster 113 Comments • JOBS_business_deskWeekly Jobless Claims Tumble Read More Technology • Jayde Scholl hears for the first time. (Image: KOTV screenshot)Inspiring Video: Adopted, Deaf Chinese Girl Found Abandoned on the Street Hears for the First Time Read More • shutterstock_85242295Google Reveals for the First Time How Often the FBI Requests Personal Info in the Name of National Security Read More • (FoxNews.com)Off-Road Company Introducing Incredible Flat-Proof ‘Airless’ Tires Read More • (Photo: Shutterstock.com)Growing Trend of Marriages Over Skype Causing Concern About ‘Willy Nilly’ Unions and Marriage Fraud Read More • (Image: Vimeo screenshot)Artist Uses Surprising Technique to Make a Solid Block of Wood Look Like This Read More The Blog • Bill O’Reilly wants church to be a little more like ‘Sister Act’ • President-Obama-golfingObama: Sequestration for thee, vacation for me • How much it will cost for Newt to save the White House tours • Nerf GunDEFCON 5: 1st grader suspended for talking about a toy gun • Frank Rich: Preview of Roger Ailes bio not ‘bursting with news’ Glenn Beck Radio Listen to Glenn Beck 24/7 Listen Now Restoring Love The Wire • China's February exports surge but imports fall • Lion killed intern as she was cleaning enclosure • Venezuela: Maduro to take oath as acting president • Park intern was on phone just before lion attacked • Kunitz scores twice, penguins beat Flyers • Asia stocks up as US jobs picture brightens • Joy Behar leaving 'The View' • Virginia trooper killed in I-85 shooting [prn-thebla] [prn-thebla] Sections • The Stories • Business • Faith • Technology • Contributions • The Blog Hot Topics • Rand Paul • Drones • Gun Control • Sequestration More from TheBlaze • TheBlaze TV • Magazine • Radio • The Marketplace • Books • Store About • About TheBlaze • Site Support • Jobs • Legal Find the Data • Presidential Candidates • Public Employee Salaries • US Presidents • FEC Individual Contributions • Individual Income Tax • Religions • Candidate Contributions • Federal Income Tax Rates • Recovery and Reinvestment Act • FEC Committee Contributions • FEC Election Fines • Historical Federal Budget • White House Visitors • FEC Candidates • Index of Economic Freedom • White House Staff • FEC Committees Thanks for the tip! Please Wait... Submitting your tip... please wait! Have a Tip? There was a problem submitting your tip. Please try again later. [Give us a Scoop! ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ] Please help us fight spam. Follow the instructions below to prove that you're a real person. [Submit] TheBlaze All information © 2013 TheBlaze Inc Quantcast 